feat: add optional filter for OTel resource attributes (#361)
GoogleCloudPlatform/opentelemetry-operations-js: packages/opentelemetry-cloud-trace-exporter/README.md

- [SimpleSpanProcessor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.4.0/specification/trace/sdk.md#simple-processor): The implementation of `SpanProcessor` that passes ended span directly to the configured `SpanExporter`.
- [BatchSpanProcessor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/v1.4.0/specification/trace/sdk.md#batching-processor): The implementation of the `SpanProcessor` that batches ended spans and pushes them to the configured `SpanExporter`. It is recommended to use this `SpanProcessor` for better performance and optimization.

## Resource attributes

> By default, OpenTelemetry resource attributes are ignored. If you wish to export attributes you set on your resource, you must specify a regexp that should match the attributes you'd like.

Reviewer: just a few wording nits

```suggestion
By default, OpenTelemetry resource attributes which do not map to a monitored resource are ignored. If you wish to export other resource attributes, you must specify a regexp that should match the attribute keys you'd like.
```
